# How to use the different scripts:

## 1. Pin Scanner (`pin_scanner`)

Run `./pin_scanner` to start the pin scanner. Enter the range of the pins to scan from, and then press enter to start searching. Scanning between 0 - 10,000 is usually enough to find 2-5 decent pins, which takes around 45 seconds on average wifi. The script will only scan up to 1,000,000 pins.

When trying the pinsat [kahoot.it](https://kahoot.it), make sure to start with pins that have started less than 3 minutes ago. Ideally, use a pin that has started less than 1 minute for the maximum chance of the game still being open.

>[NOTE]
> A game being open for less than 1 minute is not a guarantee that the pin will work. Finding an open game pin can require some trial and error. If you cannot find any pins, try increasing the search range or scanning a different range.

## 2. Kahoot bots (`names` and `text`)

Run `./names` or `text` to start generating kahoot bots. The bots show up in the lobby and enter random quiz answers during the kahoot. 

Use `./names` to generate a set number of bots with autogenerated usernames from [randomuser.me](https://randomuser.me/api). 

Use `./text` to generate bots with custom usernames. The program will ask you to enter a text, and will generate a new bot for each word, so the your text shows up in the lobby, allowing you to send messages in the lobby!

>[NOTE]
> While the bots will always show up in the lobby, they perform best in classic kahoot games where they only have to answer quiz questions. They may struggle in some types of kahoot games (e.g polls, written answers, etc).